fix(docs): content correction (#2180)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/troubleshooting/cannot-log-into-my-account.mdx

Refer to the [How to use two-factor authentication (2FA)](/console/my-account/how-to/use-2fa/) page to find the instructions to recover access to your 2FA device. 

> Remember that if you lose both your 2FA device and back up codes, you will need to gather all the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
Remember that if you lose both your 2FA device and backup codes, you will need to gather all the following information:
```
